Fix popup menu item reading on Thunderbird (#17130)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

* Improvements when editing in Microsoft PowerPoint:
  * Caret reporting no longer breaks when text contains wide characters, such as emoji. (#17006 , @LeonarddeR)
  * Character location reporting is now accurate (e.g. when pressing `NVDA+Delete`. (#9941, @LeonarddeR)

> * NVDA is able to read the popu submenu items on Thunderbird find HTML page. (#4708, @thgcode)

Reviewer: Is this rephrasing still accurate?

```suggestion
* NVDA is able to read the popup submenu items on Thunderbird search results page. (#4708, @thgcode)
```
